[♪ ethereal music playing]
[KENJAKU] I'm sorry.
Who are you?
[KENJAKU] The sorcerer
who erected the barrier here.
This spot has been chosen
for people
to kill each other in.
Unfortunately,
there's no real honor in it.
Kill each other?
Could you possibly find
another neighborhood
to do that in, please?
[laughs] I didn't realize
you were such a funny kid.
There's an old execution site
not too far from here.
It serves as the center
of the barrier.
It covers a five
or six-kilometer radius.
I went through great pains
to create this barrier.
So I can't impose restrictions
that are too unreasonable.
Anyone who was inside
the barrier when I created it
has the right
to leave it if they want.
But just once,
if you wish right now,
you could wake up
outside the barrier.
Would you like to do that?
[SASAKI]
Wake up outside the barrier?
Is this a dream?
The space between dreams
and reality is a curse.
So be careful.
Easy, take it slowly.
The most impatient ones
are already outside waiting.
[footsteps]
[birds chirping]
Oh, right.
I nearly forgot
to tell you this.
Thank you for being friends
with my son.
I appreciate it.
[IGUCHI] Sasaki!
Sasaki!
- Sasaki!
- [gasps]
[SASAKI] Iguchi!
[sighs]
I'm so glad
to see someone I know.
Where are we?
Somewhere between Kotodai
and Hirose Street.
Never mind that. Look.
What's your opinion,
as an occult club member?
Wow, uh...
[exhales]
Can I tell you
about a dream I had?
[IGUCHI] We all had it.
A guy with long hair
and a kasaya, right?
Yeah!
Did he also thank you for
being friends with his son?
Mm. No, that's the first time
I heard about that.
Itadori?
[♪ opening theme song playing]
[KINJI] For real?!
Someone was able to seal Gojo?
[PANDA, MEGUMI, YUJI] For real.
[KINJI] Damn!
Also, this might be a bad time
to tell you this,
but the principal is dead.
How long have you known?
I'm sorry
for not telling you sooner,
but it's true.
It's all right though, Itadori.
It wasn't in Shibuya.
He fought
with the higher-ups after that.
Well, that doesn't
make it any better, you know.
I mean, after all,
the principal was like your--
Yeah, that's what I meant by,
"It's all right, Itadori."
But that's nice of you.
Well, if you say
you're all right, then fine.
There's nothing more
for us to add.
Yeah.
Still, you're talking
about everyone
who's ever been good to me.
I haven't been this bummed out
since I watched Yakul get shot
in the ass with an arrow.
[PANDA, MEGUMI, YUJI]
What a nice life you've lived.
[KINJI] All right, then,
I'm gonna help you all
stop this Culling Game.
- [Megumi sighs]
- [Yuji chuckles]
[KINJI]
Don't get me wrong, though.
I'm not doing this
out of sympathy.
We're cutting a deal here.
Understand me?
Once we clean up
this Culling Game for you,
it's gonna be your turn
to help me out with something.
[PANDA] You're trying
to get in on the revisions
to the Jujutsu Regulations, right?
Now that the existence
of curses has gone public,
there's sure to be some kind
of revisions made.
But what exactly
are you hoping for?
[MEGUMI] Whatever it is,
I doubt we'll have much trouble
doing it for you.
Oh, yeah?
Get a load of Sea Urchin Head.
What would you know
about anything?
Well...
I am the new head
of the Zen'in clan.
- Oh, yeah?
- Oh. Huh?
[KINJI]Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait, for real?
Of the three crazy things
I learned today,
this one's the craziest!
If I got the backing of
one of the big three families,
I could easily
influence the revisions
to the regulations.
The only problem
would come later,
in trying
to keep the Zen'in clan
from getting involved
in managing the fight club.
Sea Urchin Head!
[MEGUMI] Name's Fushiguro.
Fushiguro!
Sorry, let's be friends.
- Huh?
- [MEGUMI] Sure.
Good. That just leaves deciding
who's heading to which colony.
Yuta went to Miyagi, right?
Ding-dong.
Ding-dong, ding-dong,
ding-dong, ding-dong!
Please be advised!
Effective immediately,
a player has added a new rule
to the Culling Game.
Rule number nine.
Players will know
each other's information.
First names, last names,
number of points accumulated,
current colony,
and number of rules
added to the game by you.
I am Kogane.
A liaison between players
and the Culling Game.
Did that thing just change
personalities halfway through?
The first part
was an announcement
from the Culling Game.
And now, I am speaking
as the personal liaison
attached to the player
Yuji Itadori.
Tengen did say
something about that.
It's here for you?
Why is Itadori
already being counted
as one of the players
in the game?
Aside from those,
Kenjaku gave cursed techniques
and objects to--
At this point,
the only players should be those
who have entered a colony.
[SUGURU] There were people whom
I had absorbed cursed objects...
The cursed objects
that I distributed
are what's left
of the sorcerers...
Of course, I forged pacts
with more than just sorcerers.
But he once existed as
an actual human being,
although it was
over a thousand years ago.
- [YUJI] Sukuna.
- [KINJI] Sukuna?
Sukuna was one of the sorcerers
that forged a pact with Kenjaku
to become cursed objects.
[MEGUMI]
I bet Culling Game participation
was included in their pact.
Things still aren't adding up.
You swallowed Sukuna's finger
of your own free will.
I witnessed it.
[gasps]
Hmm. Table that.
Itadori,
can you have Kogane pull up
the players' information for me?
Kogane, can you?
Sure can!
Ta-da!
Take a look at this guy.
So he originally had 200 points?
I wonder what he was
hoping for by adding a rule.
[YUJI] At the very least,
he must have killed
about 40 people, right?
Whatever the reason,
we can assume it wasn't nice.
It can still help.
We could use the player's info
to progress
through the Culling Game
without killing anyone.
Kogane, can you show me
a list of the players
with 100 points or more?
Sorry, I am attached
to the player, Yuji Itadori.
[YUJI] Oh. No, he can use you.
Just do whatever he asks.
Unless someone's in a rush
to escape the barrier,
like Tsumiki,
who got caught up in it,
the reincarnated sorcerers
must have forged
pacts with Kenjaku
for their own reasons.
So they're not necessarily
motivated to make this move.
Therefore,
if there's anyone else
with an excess of 100 points
like Kashimo...
That's right.
Those with 100 points,
and no intention
of adding a rule.
Yeah, we can lean on them.
And make them add a rule
to let Tsumiki
escape the Culling Game.
Here you go.
[MEGUMI] There's another one.
- All right!
- Yes!
First, we'll take advantage
of the Rule Eight obstacle.
Huh?
Remind me
what Rule Eight was again?
[MEGUMI]Players who
don't show a change in points
within 19 days
shall be stripped
of their technique.
It's the rule
that leads to death.
So we add a rule that says,
"It is now possible
for players to transfer points
among each other."
That way, if they keep passing
points amongst themselves,
they can avoid being stripped
of their techniques and dying.
Then we add one more.
The rule will sound
something like,
"If players spend enough points,
it will allow them to
leave the Culling Game."
But that would conflict
with the rule
about the continuation
of the game, wouldn't it?
Then we find a workaround.
How 'bout we add some kind
of flexible condition
to the rule?
Like dragging in a non-player
to the game to take their place?
[KINJI] That could work.
Would Kogane be
making the call on that?
[YUJI] Either way,
we know what we need to do now.
[MEGUMI] Yeah.
While we're searching
for the Angel to break
the Prison Realm's seal...
we'll look for Hajime Kashimo
and Hiromi Higuruma...
and hunt them down.
Yeah, I'm not seeing an "Angel"
anywhere on this list.
[PANDA] That's probably
not her real name.
Just like you're not listed
as Sukuna.
[Yuji grumbles]
[MEGUMI] Tengen said
she was in eastern Tokyo.
That would mean
Colony Number Two, then.
[KINJI] You guys know
what she looks like?
Apparently,
we'll know her when we see her.
That sounds like a load of crap.
But okay, whatever, I guess.
Panda and I will
take Tokyo Number Two.
Fushiguro and Itadori,
Number One,
and Kirara,
standby outside the barriers.
- Why?
- [KINJI] 'Cause I said so.
[PANDA] What's your reasoning?
Just going by points,
this Kashimo's
the strongest one,
so it makes sense
for me to take him on.
Mm, it’s not fair I'm left out.
[KINJI] Panda,
you've got a keen nose,
so focus on
sniffing out the Angel.
The fact that we haven't
already heard from Okkotsu
means we probably can't use
cell phones inside the barriers.
So that's why we need
someone keeping tabs
on what's going on outside.
[sighs] Fine.
Wait a minute.
It might be better for me
and Fushiguro to split up.
- 'Cause if Sukuna--
- Shut up.
"Shut up"?
None of the older students
can change the roles they got.
So quit being selfish.
I'm being selfish?
I'm the one
worrying about you here!
Oh, man, how many times
do I have to listen to this?
It's a played excuse.
And a waste of time.
- Yeah?!
- Yeah!
You gonna fight or dance?
Hello, I am Kogane!
Taking place inside this barrier
is the Culling Game,
where players fight
to the death!
Once you decide to step inside,
you, too, become a player.
Are you still willing to enter
and risk everything you have?
- Yeah!
- Hmm!
Let's go.
[HANYU]Hanyu to Amai.
I keep waiting for your signal.
[AMAI] Uh, well, I hear you,
but there's no signal to give.
I can't do much
if no one shows up.
- [HANYU] What?
- [gasps]
That little punk.
- Mouthing off to me now?
- [thuds]
No! Please.
Look, I'm sorry, really!
[HANYU] If you're
getting all high and mighty...
I'll pull you down.
[♪ thrilling music playing]
[MEGUMI] We need
to be careful of the sorcerers
who've reincarnated.
[YUJI] My thoughts exactly.
But just in case I've forgotten,
explain again.
[frustrated sigh]
Some of them are
from 1,000 years ago.
Just 100
or 200 years ago,
they valued life way less.
Plus, they're sorcerers.
Fighting and death
are common for them.
Some may want to die fighting.
That might even be why
they forged a pact with Kenjaku.
I’ll bet that Higuruma
and Kashimo are past sorcerers.
Don't expect fair negotiations.
So then, other attacks
come from cursed spirits?
[MEGUMI] Especially at night.
Now, if there are modern-day
sorcerers dragged into this
like Tsumiki was,
they might actually be open
to exchanging
information with us.
Hello, my name is Kogane!
Taking place inside this barrier
is the Culling Game,
where players fight
to the death.
Once you decide to step inside,
you, too, become a player!
Are you still willing to enter
and risk everything you have?
Yeah. Let's do this.
Megumi Fushiguro has now
officially joined
the Culling Game.
Would you like
to see the rules first?
- [MEGUMI] No need, I'm good.
- Boo.
- [MEGUMI] Itadori?
- [YUJI] Hmm?
First, we have to gather
information on Higuruma.
- Ready for this?
- Yeah!
[gasping]
Fushiguro's gone?
[NARRATOR]When a player enters
one of
the Culling Game's barriers,
they're randomly teleported
to one of nine
designated locations
where they will begin the game.
It was a rule
of the barriers, not included
in the general rules
of the Culling Game.
And others were waiting
in those nine locations.
[AMAI] Here's one!
[NARRATOR]There's a name
for players who target those
disoriented by this
unmentioned phenomenon.
[Yuji grunts]
[glass shatters]
[glass explodes, shatters]
[NARRATOR]Newbie-hunters.
[HANYU]
He's tougher than I thought.
That would have
pulverized most guys.
But he's still kicking.
He's no ordinary person.
[explosion]
[gasping]
Darling,
let's meet up, shall we?
- [whizzes, thuds]
- [groans]
[thuds]
[YUJI]She fell pretty easily.
I need to ask her
about Higuruma.
Then I have to find Fushiguro.
[propeller whirring]
[MAN] Hanyu!
What the hell did you do
to my woman?!
Guess I can just ask him.
[AMAI]Oh, no.
Now Haba flew in.
Does that mean
Hanyu was taken out?
I think I've seen
that guy before.
Itadori?
[WOMAN] Ow, that hurt!
Why did you do that to me?
I don't even know
if I can stand.
Hey, you're the one
who attacked me.
Damn it!
I didn't expect us
to get separated that way.
Anything?
Nue can't find him either.
This colony must be
larger than Shibuya.
We're probably
over two kilometers apart.
But we both know where to head.
Do you know a sorcerer
named Higuruma?
[WOMAN] You men are all alike.
Thinking you could
just beat a woman
- into listening to you, but--
- [MEGUMI] Answer me.
Yes, I know him.
Could be
a different Higuruma, though.
Mine has 100 points.
[MEGUMI]
That's the one. Where is he?
Hmm?
Oh!
So that's how it is.
[whizzes, crashes]
[Yuji panting]
[grunts]
[Haba exclaims]
[crashing]
[HABA]That damn brat!
Amazing physical prowess though!
[Yuji grunts]
[YUJI]
I thought I'd be in trouble
with him constantly
holding higher ground,
but that propeller's
his only means of attack.
[whirring]
[both grunting]
[Haba groans]
[YUJI]He keeps trying
to get close enough to kill me.
I need to fight him indoors!
[Haba chuckles]
[propeller approaching]
You're about to be a smoothie!
[YUJI]He's turned
his head towards me.
This is it!
That woman from earlier,
she was sturdy enough to smash
through buildings with me,
but a simple thrown object
made her fall.
I bet their hair is the key
to their cursed techniques.
The further away from the hair,
the less sturdy they are.
How'd they become this way?
Was it part of a pact?
But no matter
how tough their hair is,
it's still attached
to their heads!
[groaning]
[grunting]
[laughing]
Broke your fist, huh?
That's too bad!
'Cause you just lost this batt--
- [thud]
- [groans]
[groans]
I didn't break anything,
it's just a scratch. Ow.
[WOMAN] I don't mind telling you
where to find Higuruma,
but I want you
to do me a favor in return.
Spit it out.
Magic word?
Say "please."
Or "thank you."
- Or--
- Tell me.
Fine.
- Will you be my knight, please?
- Sure. That's fine.
Oh, you're no fun at all,
are you?
I don't have time for this.
So hurry up.
And walk in front.
Do you even know
what a knight is?
My knight is supposed
to protect me with his life,
if necessary.
[MEGUMI] I will, if you're
telling me the truth.
Hey, wake up.
I wanna ask you about
a sorcerer named Higuruma.
- [approaching footsteps]
- Hmm?
[AMAI] I... I... Itadori?
I know him.
That Higuruma guy.
[MEGUMI] You know
what'll happen...
if you're lying.
I'm not like Itadori.
I'm willing to earn those
100 points on my own.
[WOMAN] You know,
I do have a name.
And that name is Remi.
It's been a while.
Do you remember me?
Who are you?
How does he know my name?
Oh, sorry.
I guess it was just me
who knew about you.
I mean,
you're famous, after all.
Tiger of West Middle.
No way! You're from my hometown?
Uh... [sighs]
[MEGUMI] So you're saying you're
not a sorcerer from the past?
[footsteps]
Why? Do these clothes
look old fashioned?
And what’s your rationale
for attacking me?
Listen, you.
A whole lot of average people
who weren't players
suddenly got let out
of the colony.
But the players like me,
who were in the colony
from the start,
have had to participate
in the Culling Game
for 12 days already!
I'm not doing this
because I want to!
Out here,
it's kill or be killed!
You can get killed while trying
to find a reason to fight.
12 days out here
has taught me that.
I've seen plenty of people
drown in their power so far.
So stop trying
to differentiate between them
as past or present sorcerers.
[MEGUMI]So the sorcerers
from the past have inspired
the modern-day sorcerers
to go into battle mode.
In that case,
I gave Itadori bad advice.
You sure?
What about those other two?
You were allies, right?
[AMAI] Nah,
I was just their gofer.
They would have killed me
at some point.
[MEGUMI] Wait.
Enough blind following.
Tell me where we're going.
[REMI] No way, pal.
What guarantee do I have
you won't kill me
right after I tell you
where to find Higuruma?
Oh, I see.
Uh...
[AMAI] It’s Amai. Rin Amai.
What am I supposed to do
if you die before we get there?
[REMI] That's why!
I need you to be my knight
and protect me!
And use my name already!
Just covering my bases.
Amai, where exactly
can I find Higuruma?
[REMI] Okay, fine.
I'll give you a rough idea
of where we're going.
[AMAI]
The stronger people are gathered
in what used to be
the heart of the city.
It's where
most of the supplies are.
- [REMI] Higuruma's in...
- [AMAI] Higuruma's in...
- Ikebukuro.
- Shinjuku.
- Got it?
[♪ closing theme song playing]
[HIROMI]I sense much
potential in the Culling Game.
[YUJI]Every person
in this nation will die.
[REGGIE]I'm sorry,
- but she deceived you.
- [AMAI]I'm sorry, Itadori.
[MEGUMI]A sorcerer
connected to Kenjaku?
[YUJI]I wanna talk.
[HIROMI]We're having a retrial.